HW 01
Ian Abou-Jaoude 
Sep 19 2021
iabouj01


Part 1:

Pseudocode for digits:

start program

declare integer variable "input" so we can analyze for the number of digits 
and its sign

print statement to ask for number
receive number by user input and set it equal to "input"

is the number is positive?
    
    if yes:
    
        is the number greater than or equal to 100?
        
            if yes:
            print that number has at least three digits
    
        if no:
        
        is the number greater than or equal to 10 and less than 100?
        
            if yes:
            print that the number has two digits
   
        if no:    
         
        print that the number has one digit

if no:

        is the number less than or equal to -100?
    
            if yes:
            print that the number is negative, and has at least three digits

        if no:
        
        is the number less than or equal to -10 and greater than -100?
    
            if yes:
            print that the number is negative, and has two digits

        if no:    
        
            print that the number is negative, and has one digit

End program

///

Part 2:

While you were working on the programming component of this assignment, 
describe one issue/error that you encountered when trying to run a program. 
How did you fix it?

    One problem I faced was when I was writing the code for make_change. The 
    problem was that I kept getting very large and random numbers for some of
    the variables. Some of them were correct but some of them would output 
    completely wrong numbers. I really wasn't sure what the problem was but I 
    was quite certain that the body of my code was correct. I realized that 
    if the number of coins was 0, then it would output a random very large 
    number. I was't sure what was causing it, so I set all the variables equal
    to 0 at the start when I declared them. This way, if there was a coin 
    that had a value of 0 and it didn't go through the if statement to 
    redefine it, it would already have a value of 0.

///

Part 3:

How much time did you spend on this homework (in hours)?

    4 hours.
    
    

    
