Project 2
written.text

Name:
Login ID:


Written #1:  How much time I spent on this assignment
-----------------------------------------------------

Please estimate of the amount of time you spent on this assignment
(each week) in hours, e. g., 6.5 hours.  Be as accurate as you can,
but we know you are not keeping a timer going: just give your best
estimate.

Week 1 time:
Week 2 time:


Written #2:  How I tested my code
---------------------------------

Replace this comment with a description of how you tested your code.
Don't just say "I tried running it a lot."  Give some specific
examples.

We will have your code, of course, but we also want for you to explain
to us here what you thought about in designing the tests we see
there. Are there any tests you did a long the way, for example using
various inputs, that we can't see from reading your code?

Did you use print statements to see what was happening with your code?
Tell us where they were and which ones were helpful.  Tell us what you
did!

If you keep this file open and keep a running log, it should not be
too hard to do!

Week 1 testing:

-When I completed my card.cpp file I ran the test_linked_list to verify that I 
was able to create a card with the right value and not get the error statement
of no card here, I indeed got a card value of 33 as inteded

-Was able to create a carlinkedlist keeping size at 0 and having the first node
be a null pointer

-Tested add card at to the starting and ending of the list and sweeping new 
ones in the middle while keeping the desired order noted by debug_print

-Using the initialization from the previous tests and creating new card 
instances from the list to make sure the same card values can be gotten
by using get card at.

-From the old linked list I tried to delete cards at different positions, the 
start, end and middle.

-Tested that I could create a deck correctly using test_deck

-Tested that i could add multiple cards to the top of a deck, and retrieve the
top card using the functions put_card_on_top and inspect_top_card

-Tested creating a deck from reading shuffled cards from multiple different 
files and checking the order and that it printed correctly using debug print

Week 2 testing:


Written #3: Your comments on the project
----------------------------------------

Tell us what you learned from this project.  What did you like about
it? Do you have any suggestions for improving it? Did you enjoy it?
Fill in the first section after week 1, and then at the end of week
2 tell us how things looked then. Don't edit your week 1 comments
for week 2, but you are welcome to tell us in the second section
that you've changed your opinion!

Week 1 (tell us your thoughts after week 1):


Week 2 (add additional comments after week 2):
