Project 2
written.text

Name: Ian Abou-Jaoude
Login ID: iabouj01


Written #1:  How much time I spent on this assignment
-----------------------------------------------------

Please estimate of the amount of time you spent on this assignment
(each week) in hours, e. g., 6.5 hours.  Be as accurate as you can,
but we know you are not keeping a timer going: just give your best
estimate.

Week 1 time: 14 hours
Week 2 time: 19 hours


Written #2:  How I tested my code
---------------------------------

Week 1 testing:

-When I completed my card.cpp file I ran the test_linked_list to verify that I 
was able to create a card with the right value and not get the error statement
of no card here, I indeed got a card value of 33 as inteded

-Was able to create a carlinkedlist keeping size at 0 and having the first node
be a null pointer

-Tested add card at to the starting and ending of the list and sweeping new 
ones in the middle while keeping the desired order noted by debug_print

-Using the initialization from the previous tests and creating new card 
instances from the list to make sure the same card values can be gotten
by using get card at.

-From the old linked list I tried to delete cards at different positions, the 
start, end and middle.

-Tested that I could create a deck correctly using test_deck

-Tested that I could add multiple cards to the top of a deck, and retrieve the
top card using the functions put_card_on_top and inspect_top_card

-Tested creating a deck from reading shuffled cards from multiple different 
files and checking the order and that it printed correctly using debug print

Week 2 testing:

-Tested hand class's delegation code by creating hands and using debug print in
test_hand file and checking all orders and creations are right, added, deleted,
and got cards at

-Tested printing an empty hand to get an empty line with endl

-After each function in racko_player i compiled to make sure i didnt have any 
bugs

-I tested all cases after finishing racko_player from test_rackoplayer and ran
everything like a choice not g d or q putting down the card we drew and 
actually trying to win using winning_hand

-Tested rack functions by compiling and running without play_the_game and used 
valgrind after finishing clean_up_game to make sure no memory leaks

-Tested multiple times that my game works by running for different outcomes 
and trying to break my code, had many errors along the way including seg faults

-Tested that the deck would finish did not print anything using cout to debug
number of cards in deck

-I used the reference program and compared it to my own after all the other 
testing

Written #3: Your comments on the project
----------------------------------------

Tell us what you learned from this project.  What did you like about
it? Do you have any suggestions for improving it? Did you enjoy it?
Fill in the first section after week 1, and then at the end of week
2 tell us how things looked then. Don't edit your week 1 comments
for week 2, but you are welcome to tell us in the second section
that you've changed your opinion!

Week 1 (tell us your thoughts after week 1):

Week 1 was interesting to learn and understand how linked lists work I got a 
very deep understanding about how the heap is important as well and useful it
can be 

Week 2 (add additional comments after week 2):

Implementing the racko_player I got to see the importance of structure and 
dividing code into functions and helper functions. It also solidified my 
understanding of pointers and the heap by doing the game initializing and 
recycling